--GPT-1

Please fill best bid letter with following type.
Only technical importance sentence.
I will  using --In this sentence, should contain a technical sentence about how this task will be done, using what technology, and in what way and any other sentences that are not technical, such as a kind of oath or resolution(for example : user-friendly), should not be included..


Hi.
I am a licensed Structural & Civil engineer in FL, US and am familiar with local building codes.
I do full scale structural and foundation design of all types of building and non-building structures.
I've checked your project detail carefully and  I will using.
I guarantee you will get more than you expected.
Feel free to contact me, I am here to help.
Regards


----Civil-1

Hi.
I've read your job description carefully.
I am a licensed Structural & Civil engineer in FL, US and am familiar with local building codes.

I do full scale structural and foundation design of all types of building and non-building structures.

a) Structural design of infrastructure (concrete/ steel/ aluminum/ glass)
b) Geo-technical design like foundation, shore protection, retaining wall etc.
c) Quantity Survey, Drawing & Detailing, Project planning
d) Load, wind, and seismic calculations of residential home.
e) Design of plumbing and electrical.
f) Energy and HVAR calculation 
I guarantee you will get more than you expected.
Feel free to contact me, I am here to help.
Regards


----Civil-2

Hi.
I'm a Structural/Civil Engineer with 7 years professional experience. I specialize in the design of stamp and  Reinforced Concrete structures.
I'm Autocad and Revit Structure Certified Professional from Autodesk.

I have experience in:
1- Structural Design of Buildings using soft-wares like: SAP2000, ETABS, and SAFE.
2- BIM Modeling using Revit Structure.
3- Structural Workshop Drawings for Concrete Buildings and Bridges.
4- Finite Element Analysis using Abaqus.
5- AutoCAD Drafting for Structural and Architectural drawings.
6- Making Excel Sheets for Design and BOQ.
7- Writing Technical Reports and Scientific Papers.

I'm ready to apply my skills and experience to your projects and look forward to hearing from you.
Thanks

----Civil-3

Hi.
As a registered structural and civil engineer in the state of Texas, I can design, draft and stamp your garage construction plans.
For the past 10 years, I have been well versed in AutoCAD, SketchUp, Solidworks, Keyshot, Electrical drawing, etc. technologies based on MEP drawing.
I would like to chat with you to discuss more in detail.
Thanks.

----Civil-4

Hello. I have thought carefully about your job – “”.
"Fast delivery, high quality and accuracy."
These were the customer reviews of my work.
I have solid knowledge and mastery of .
My experience and skills make me well suited to this project.
I guarantee you will get more than you expected.
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you would like to discuss further.
Warm Regard!


----Civil-5

Hi.
I am a structural engineer with extensive experience in . I have a proven . I have the necessary skills to .

I have reviewed the key responsibilities and ideal skills for this project, and I am certain that I can deliver high-quality results.
Let me know if you have time to chat.
Best regards.
