				
							----------------Skills---------------


Building Architecture,Building Surveying,Building Design,Architectural Rendering,Architectural Engineering,Civil Engineering,Autodesk Civil 3D,Structural Engineering,Construction Engineering,Plumbing,HVAC,Building Engineering,Mechanical Engineering,Mechanical Design,Electrical Engineering,AutoCAD,CAD/CAM

Building Architecture
Building Surveying
Building Design
Architectural Rendering
Architectural Engineering
Civil Engineering
Autodesk Civil 3D
Structural Engineering
Construction Engineering
Plumbing
HVAC
Building Engineering
Mechanical Engineering
Mechanical Design
Electrical Engineering
AutoCAD
CAD/CAM

--------Template 1--------

Hello, {EmployerName}

I've gone through the job detail "{ProjectTitle}". It seems that you're looking for a  freelancer who have rich experiences on {ProjectSkills}.
[if_attachment] I am checking your attachment, I'll update you shortly... [/if_attachment]
I've worked with another client in this space, I think you might find it very interesting to have chat.

Regards, Marianna

--------Template 2--------

Hello.
After checking the your job description, it seems like you might be looking for a senior developer with rich experience in {ProjectSkills}.
I had done exactly the same work a few months ago. I would like to grab this opportunity and will work till you get 100% satisfied with my work.
Thank you for taking the time to review our letter.
Lets connect in chat so that We discuss further. 
Regards.

--------Template 3--------

Hello!
After reading your project description about {ProjectTitle},I'm sure I can finish this to your satisfaction within the deadline.
I do, however, have a few questions.
Kindly drop me a note in the chat window so that we can talk about these and I can send you samples of my prior work that meets your specifications.
I'm hoping to hear from you shortly.
Warm regards,

--------Template 4--------

☀️☀️ Hello. ☀️☀️
Hope you're doing well. I've just carefully reviewing your project description, I am confident that I can complete your project - {ProjectTitle}  within the given time frame.
I have expertise in {ProjectSkills} and have completed similar projects in the past. I would be happy to share my previous work with you over chat.
Please let me know if you would like to discuss further details and collaborate with me on this project.
Best regards,




----------Bid Tip-----------


generate important 3 or 4 questions to the client who posted the job posting above

How should I say it in 1 simple technical sentence to prove to the client who post this project my ability for this task?
Please start with "I can".
Only technical sentence!


Give me 1 sentence about main purpose of this project.
He's not a tech guy, I need to ask about requirements. 
Most of questions you provided should be solved by the developer
I need to ask that client can answer from their side


-----------

Please fill best bid letter with following type.
Only technical importance sentence.
"I will "" for this project"--In this sentence, should contain a technical sentence about how this task will be done, using what technology, and in what way and any other sentences that are not technical, such as a kind of oath or resolution, should not be included..

"I am seeing that your project about "" "-- In this part, should contain deep analyze of project title and detail.
 


✅ ☀️ ⚡ ⭐ ✨ ☑️ 🎄